Ruby’s ideas- Setting- Medieval-futuristic labyrinth with sectors ruled by lords. All human life has been eradicated, and now it is swarming with weird monsters, zombies, and old robots doing the tasks they have been instructed. You are a Shell, a robotic entity meant to house a human being, that has gained sentience by your master Warlock. You are to kill the king. 

What is player doing?- the main goal given is to defeat the king. You can defeat the lord of a given sector to get additional powerups in order to do so. 

How to get arms?- Arms can be found on the map. Defeating a lord of a sector will power up arms found in that sector. Arms can also be powered up by doing tasks and deepening the relationship with the soul found within the arm.  

Arms: arms are literal arms harvested from the few not grafted to the red king. Each has its own individual abilities and stats. Some are long range, and some are short range.  

What are lords? Lords are Shells filled with the soul of a human still grasping at their immortality. They ruled their fiefdom with an iron fist as their humanity fell apart with every year they maintained power, consuming souls in order to maintain their fragile existence. They are only allowed to live ungrafted because the king wills it so. When you kill them, the king sends one of his servants to grab their body to be grafted. 

Who is the king? The king is the last bastion of human existence. In order to continue humanity, he has grafted people to himself in order to continue on humanity’s legacy. A kind and sensitive king turned cruel due to circumstance. 

Why did this happen(ideas mostly) -humanity learned of forbidden knowledge and cursed the earth, causing them to have to escape below and return to fief rule. 

 





 

 
Louis' possible ideas lore-wise (ignore or change and add what you want): 
For now, I’ll call our protagonist X 

The creator of X has created X to fight off an invasion of the King (an alien species). X has supernatural abilities and is seen as the humans’ last resort, only known by the Creator. X has become a finished product however, in some process or incident (we need to define), X has forgotten her memories and does not know her objective. The goal of the game is to find out what her purpose is and eventually defeat the King. 

There is a remnant of human species left (maybe a tiny population) that can lead to a second ending to where X saves them after finding hints and clues, leading to a secret ending. 

The main ending would be X defeating the King and fulfilling her purpose from her creator. 

  
